# Quran-Online-
The Prophet {pbuh} says" I have left among you two matters by holding fast to which, you shall never be misguided: The Book of Allah and my Sunni "and he mentioned the importance of Quran in the life of Muslim as the guidance for him in life. Now I would like to read the Quran what I should do? The Quran revealed to the Prophet in Arabic and the people who don't know Arabic should know it for the sake of the Quran. In the old ages, the new Muslims obligated to travel for Arabic country to Arabs to learn from them but now is easy. We have new ways of communication not only face to face, but you can also learn while you are in the home. The new technology gives us this way if you need to learn Arabic, we will help you quickly.  We give you a chance to learn Arabic to connect you with the Quran, we can learn you from our Arabic classes which learning Arabic with new teaching methods. It isn't only Arabic classes but also Quranic Arabic classes to learn Quran also. We can't leave those who are in need of us, we give you a perfect plan; learning Arabic first and memorize the Quran after that. Our teachers are native Arabic speaker and specialize in the Arabic, and they have taught many students before. We believed that knowledge doesn't be only for young people but also for our kids. They are the new generation, and we seek to be better than us, so we make classes for them too. Some people say" I don't like to learn with other, they annoy me " so we have a solver for any problem, we have an Arabic tutor for those liked private classes.
